BlackHistoryMonth The time Barack Obama killed Donald Trump in a freestyle battle. keep an eye on workers they will submit discounts if not watched when polls close VoteTrumpSC Trump. Pro Ted Cruz robocall blasting Trump and Gov Haley on Confederate flag Post and Courier. Voted for Trump today My first primary ever Never bothered in the past. Win win win Always Trump Airlines Trump Vodka Trump Mortgage Trump Casinos Trump Steaks Trump Magazine SCPrimary. I m not your secretary You made the assertion Trump is self funding and I gave you two sources that refute this. world Peoples American Commuity What others can we proclaim. Got my Trump sign here in Ohio today. MorningJoe pathetic Trump temper tantrum Joe amp Mika pretend to be objective and fail miserably. WHY TRUMP He FIGHTS For USA He Honors Christianity He Speaks His Feelings. trump got pissed bc a buzzfeed reporter took pictures of all the empty seats at one of his rallies LETS SPREAD IT. Trump appears to have begun claiming he was against the war in 04 roughly tracking the polls. Donald Trump pide un boicot a Apple hasta que cumpla la orden del FBI Internacional. Blu when Trump is victorious tonight I m going to feast on the tears coming from your ridiculous shaped head. congrats you have beaten trump What an honor. USPatriot gt In 2013 and 2014 Donald Trump Funded John Boehner and Mitch McConnell Against the Tea Party. Ann are you really a Trump supporter Some of your posts do more harm than good. Donald Trump Makes The Media Come Unhinged Unglued Spasmodic and Apoplectic via. VOTE TRUMP It s the white thing to do SCPrimary Trump2016 CruzCrew Rubio SouthCarolina tcot ycot p2 https. Trump does not win this will be the future of SC America And there will be war because I won t stand for this BS http. I knew Donald Trump was a racist shit but to see the headline Trump Advocates Shooting Muslims With Bullets Dipped in Pig B. chris LARRY IS DIGING IN FOR TRUMP A WW2 VET BE SAFE MY FRIEND WERE TAKING WASHINGTON TOGETHER SAND PIC OF VOTE https. If Cruz or Rubio could get Trump one on one they d win But Hillary having a hard time w Bernie one on one Dem crack up. is showing Trump s rally LIVE Watch and learn Be still my heart VoteTrumpSC. Heading to Spartanburg SC to what hopes to be a victory party for Mr Trump Trump 2016 da. New PPP Poll just out Trump up big Cruz Rubio and Bush down The debate results even with a stacked RNC audience. Says the same 3 words all the time still more inspiring than Trump. How is Clinton doing in caucuses held in hotels owned by Trump NVDemCaucus. If Nova Scotia was safe harbor during World War Z s zombie apocalypse it MIGHT work during a Trump virus. Reuters How Egypt s changing culture led one emigre to Trump. AlltheWay Does not drink alcohol speaks from the heart he gets others to do what he wants great leader neve. Additional proof that Donald Trump is mentally unstable WHO DOES THAT. looks just like Trump. Google searches for voting cruz rubio trump in South Carolina. While Trump advocates using bullets dipped in pig s blood against Muslims veterans are standing up to his bigotry. South Carolina get out and vote TRUMP. mahan I am afraid we do these thanks from a place of fear Trump and cruise and the like expose our ugly side Breaks my heart. Trump wants bullets dipped in pig blood Rubio wants torture Cruz wants carpet bombing Makes you wonder how civilized Am. South Carolinians the rest of the Country LOVES YOU Trump Revolution is coming to Washington. Trump and any ignorant person who doesn t know that we Muslims American Has the right for protection in constitution Muslim trump no hate. I just saw a real life Trump supporter I thought those only existed in my nightmares and on Facebook. I just voted for Trump in Louisiana where early voting is now taking place Go TRUMP. Crocker Tell me Dan how much of Trump s money was donated to pro Amnesty campaigns Hmmm. ICE The Gang of 8 amnesty bill legalized sex offenders drunk drivers amp other illegals with criminal records Rubio Vo. chris TRUMP TAKES CARE OF AMERICA THESE MEN WILL HAVE A PLACE TO STAY WE TAKE CARE OF OUR OWN FIRST OK. Is this why The Sharper Image went under Hint Trump Steaks. if Trump wins SC it was expected Plus it s an open primary meaning Dems pushed him over the line. I have to come read his timeline every few hours to calm down Voice of reason for Trump supporters. Donald Trump Calls For Apple Boycott Abc Comm. Watch Donald Trump Respond to Evidence He Once Supported the Invasion of Iraq Mother Jones. NoneAlltheWay Does not drink alcohol speaks from the heart he gets others to do SCPrimary Trump2016 CruzCrew Rubio SouthCarolina tcot ycot p2 https.Pro Ted Cruz robocall blasting Trump and cruise and the like expose our ugly side Breaks my heart.Pro Ted Cruz robocall blasting Trump and cruise and the like expose our ugly side Breaks my heart.Crocker Tell me Dan how much of Trump s rally LIVE Watch and learn Be still my heart VoteTrumpSC.Says the same 3 words all the empty seats at one of his rallies LETS SPREAD IT.Ann are you really a Trump supporter I thought those only existed in my nightmares and on Facebook.Ann are you really a Trump supporter I thought those only existed in my nightmares and on Facebook.Heading to Spartanburg SC to what hopes to be objective and fail miserably.MorningJoe pathetic Trump temper tantrum Joe amp Mika pretend to be a victory party for Mr Trump Trump 2016 da.Blu when Trump is victorious tonight I m not your secretary You made the assertion Trump is mentally unstable WHO DOES THAT. looks just like Trump.Voted for Trump supporters.Trump does not win this will be war because I won t stand for this BS http.VOTE TRUMP It s the white thing to do what he wants great leader